Psalm 65 to the chief musician a psalm
Psalm 65 to the chief musician a psalm of David a song phrase is awaiting you
of David a song phrase is awaiting you
of David a song phrase is awaiting you Oh God in Zion and to you the vow shall
Oh God in Zion and to you the vow shall
Oh God in Zion and to you the vow shall be performed
be performed
be performed o you who hear prayer to you all flesh
o you who hear prayer to you all flesh
o you who hear prayer to you all flesh will come iniquities prevail against me
will come iniquities prevail against me
will come iniquities prevail against me as for our transgressions you will
as for our transgressions you will
as for our transgressions you will provide atonement for them blessed is
provide atonement for them blessed is
provide atonement for them blessed is the man you choose and cause to approach
the man you choose and cause to approach
the man you choose and cause to approach you that he may dwell in your courts we
you that he may dwell in your courts we
you that he may dwell in your courts we shall be satisfied with the goodness of
shall be satisfied with the goodness of
shall be satisfied with the goodness of your house of your holy temple by
your house of your holy temple by
your house of your holy temple by awesome deeds in righteousness you will
awesome deeds in righteousness you will
awesome deeds in righteousness you will answer us
answer us
answer us o god of our salvation you who are the
o god of our salvation you who are the
o god of our salvation you who are the confidence of all the ends of the earth
confidence of all the ends of the earth
confidence of all the ends of the earth and of the far-off seas who established
and of the far-off seas who established
and of the far-off seas who established the mountains by his strength being
the mountains by his strength being
the mountains by his strength being clothed with power you who still the
clothed with power you who still the
clothed with power you who still the noise of the Seas the noise of their
noise of the Seas the noise of their
noise of the Seas the noise of their waves and the tumult of the peoples they
waves and the tumult of the peoples they
waves and the tumult of the peoples they also who dwell in the farthest parts are
also who dwell in the farthest parts are
also who dwell in the farthest parts are afraid of your signs
afraid of your signs
afraid of your signs you make the outgoings of the morning
you make the outgoings of the morning
you make the outgoings of the morning and evening rejoice you visit the earth
and evening rejoice you visit the earth
and evening rejoice you visit the earth and water it you greatly enrich it the
and water it you greatly enrich it the
and water it you greatly enrich it the river of God is full of water you
river of God is full of water you
river of God is full of water you provide their grain for so you have
provide their grain for so you have
provide their grain for so you have prepared it you water its ridges
prepared it you water its ridges
prepared it you water its ridges abundantly you settle its furrows you
abundantly you settle its furrows you
abundantly you settle its furrows you make it soft with showers you bless its
make it soft with showers you bless its
make it soft with showers you bless its growth you crown the year with your
growth you crown the year with your
growth you crown the year with your goodness and your paths drip with
goodness and your paths drip with
goodness and your paths drip with abundance they drop on the pastures of
abundance they drop on the pastures of
abundance they drop on the pastures of the wilderness and the little Hills
the wilderness and the little Hills
the wilderness and the little Hills rejoice on every side
rejoice on every side
rejoice on every side the pastures are clothed with flocks the
the pastures are clothed with flocks the
the pastures are clothed with flocks the valleys also are covered with grain they
valleys also are covered with grain they
valleys also are covered with grain they shout for joy they also sing
shout for joy they also sing
shout for joy they also sing [Music]